💅✨：add initial intrinsic theme along w/ skeleton (#2)
OpenINF/GitHub-Markdown: themes/instrinsic/img/icons/web-badges/Readme.md

**👁️‍🗨️ Readme: _Intrinsic Web Badges_**

_Convenient showcase of content-specific theme elements used throughout_

<br /><br />

---

<br />

## Specific Content License Web Badge

The “public domain” license badge is used on documents free of known copyright.
The image is a link to a document that clarifies the meaning of the public
domain and identifies any exceptions.

---

### Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">

>     <img src="publicdomain.svg" width="81" height="21"

Author: ```suggestion
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/publicdomain.svg?sanitize=true" width="81" height="21"
```

      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">

>     <img src="publicdomain.svg" width="81" height="21"

Author: ```suggestion
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/publicdomain.svg?sanitize=true" width="81" height="21"
```

> <p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
>   <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
>     <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/publicdomain.svg?sanitize=true" width="81" height="21"
>       style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
>   </a>
> </p>

Author: ```suggestion
<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/publicdomain.svg?sanitize=true" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>,

> used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Coloured in, 
> resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.

Author: ```suggestion
used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a>, i.e.,
colored-in, resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
```

> This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
> <a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>,
> used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a>, i.e.,
> colored-in, resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.

Author: ```suggestion
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>,
used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a>,
i.e., colored-in, resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
```

> “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
> class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
> BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
> of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

Author: ```suggestion
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under
<a href=" https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0">Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International Deed (<abbr>CC BY 4.0 Deed</abbr>)</a> by Derek
Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student of Artificial
Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.
```

this license has become defunct! See: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

**👁️‍🗨️ Readme: _Intrinsic Web Badges_**

_Convenient showcase of content-specific theme elements used throughout_

<br /><br />

---

<br />

## Specific Content License Web Badge

> The “public domain” license badge is used on documents free of known copyright. The image is a link to a document that clarifies the meaning of the public domain and identifies any exceptions.

Author: ```suggestion
The “public domain” license badge is used on documents free of known copyright.
The image is a link to a document that clarifies the meaning of the public
domain and identifies any exceptions.
```

### Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/publicdomain.svg?sanitize=true" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/publicdomain.svg?sanitize=true" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
This work (<span property="dct:title">Public Domain Intrinsic Web
Badge</span>, by <a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>), incorporates a derivative of
<span property="dct:title"><code>File:PD-icon.svg</code></span>, by
<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by

> <a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
> property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher">
<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
```

to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

> The "valid" web standard badges are used on documents that successfully passed
> validation for a specific technology, using the W3C validation services. The
> image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers that one has
> taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

Author: ```suggestion
The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.
```

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>,
used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a>,
i.e., colored-in, resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under
<a href=" https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0">Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International Deed (<abbr>CC BY 4.0 Deed</abbr>)</a> by Derek
Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student of Artificial
Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

---

### Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-css3.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

> This work -- "Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge" -- incorporates a derivative of

Author: ```suggestion
This work, “Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
```

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">CSS3 & Styling Icon</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/"><abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr>
</a>, used under <a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from original.
“Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student

> of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

Author: ```suggestion
“Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under
<a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0">Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International Deed (<abbr>CC BY 4.0 Deed</abbr>)</a> by Derek
Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student of Artificial
Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.
```

<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by

> <a href="http://www.w3.org/">
> <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
> <a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
> href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>,
used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Coloured in, 
```

<a href=" https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0">Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International Deed (<abbr>CC BY 4.0 Deed</abbr>)</a> by Derek
Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student of Artificial
Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

---

### Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-css3.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

> This work, "Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge", incorporates a derivative of
> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">CSS3 & Styling Icon</a> by
> <a href="http://www.w3.org/"><abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr>
> </a>, used under <a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
> href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
> resized, and optimized for compact size from original.

Author: ```suggestion
This work -- "Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge" -- incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">CSS3 & Styling Icon</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>,
used under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a>,
i.e., colored-in, resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
```

**👁️‍🗨️ Readme: _Intrinsic Web Badges_**

> _Convenient showcase of content-specific theme elements used throughout_

Author: ```suggestion
_Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge_
```

<br /><br />

---

<br />

> ## Specific Content License
> 
> The "public domain" license badge is used on documents that are free of known 
> copyright. The image is used as a link to a document that clarifies the meaning
> public domain and identifies any exceptions.

Author: ```suggestion
## Specific Content License Web Badge

The “public domain” license badge is used on documents free of known copyright. The image is a link to a document that clarifies the meaning of the public domain and identifies any exceptions.
```

---

### Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">

>   <a rel="license" href="http://servagility.org/publicdomain/">

Author: ```suggestion
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
```

    <img src="publicdomain.svg" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">

>   <a rel="license" href="http://servagility.org/publicdomain/">

Author: ```suggestion
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
```

    <img src="publicdomain.svg" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
This work (<span property="dct:title">Public Domain Intrinsic Web

> Badge</span>, by <a href="http://www.dereklew.is/" rel="dct:creator">

Author: ```suggestion
Badge</span>, by <a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:creator">
```

<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>), incorporates a derivative of
<span property="dct:title">File:PD-icon.svg</span>, by
<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by

> <a href="https://www.dereklew.is/" rel="dct:publisher"><span

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
```

property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright

> restrictions. "Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" is likewise placed into the

Author: ```suggestion
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
```

Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>

> This work, "Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge", incorporates a derivative of

Author: ```suggestion
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
```

> This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
> <a href="http://www.w3.org/">
> <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
> <a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
> href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
> resized, and optimized for compact size from original. "Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge" is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
> class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
> BY</a> by Derek Lewis.

Author: ```suggestion
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from original. "Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge" is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis.
```

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

---

### Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-css3.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>

> </p>

Author: ~~~suggestion
</p>
```
~~~

<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>), incorporates a derivative of
<span property="dct:title"><code>File:PD-icon.svg</code></span>, by
<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>

> </p>

Author: ~~~suggestion
</p>
```
~~~

```

> This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
> <a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>, used under

Author: ```suggestion
```

<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by

> <a href="http://www.w3.org/">
> <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="http://www.w3.org">World Wide Web Consortium (<abbr>W3C</abbr>)</a>, used under
```

</p>

> This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
> <a href="http://www.w3.org/">
> <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
> This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
> <a href="http://www.w3.org/">
> <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
> <a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
> href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
> resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
> “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution License</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis.
```

<br /><br />

---

<br />

## Specific Content License Web Badge

The “public domain” license badge is used on documents free of known copyright.
The image is a link to a document that clarifies the meaning of the public
domain and identifies any exceptions.

---

### Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
    <img src="publicdomain.svg" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
  <a rel="license" href="https://home.web.cern.ch/science/computing/birth-web/licensing-web">
    <img src="publicdomain.svg" width="81" height="21"
      style="border-style: none;" alt="Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge" />
  </a>
</p>

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
This work (<span property="dct:title">Public Domain Intrinsic Web
Badge</span>, by <a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>), incorporates a derivative of

> <span property="dct:title">File:PD-icon.svg</span>, by

Author: ```suggestion
<span property="dct:title"><code>File:PD-icon.svg</code></span>, by
```

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from original. "Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge" is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC

> BY</a> by Derek Lewis.

Author: ```suggestion
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">Creative Commons Attribution License</a>.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC

> BY</a> by Derek Lewis.

Author: ```suggestion
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer and high-marking student of an AI-based college in Miami.
```

> BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer and high-marking student of an AI-based college in Miami.

Author: ```suggestion
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.
```

<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

---

### Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-css3.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>

> This work, "Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge", incorporates a derivative of <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">CSS3 & Styling Icon</a> by <a href="http://www.w3.org/"><abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color, resized, and optimized for compact size from original. "Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge" is licensed under <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> by Derek Lewis.

Author: ```suggestion
This work, "Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge", incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">CSS3 & Styling Icon</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/"><abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr>
</a>, used under <a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from original.
“Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.
```

Badge</span>, by <a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>), incorporates a derivative of
<span property="dct:title"><code>File:PD-icon.svg</code></span>, by
<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">

>     <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />

Author: ```suggestion
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
```

  </a>
</p>

This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

---

### Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge

> ```html
> <p>
>   <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
>     <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
>   </a>
> </p>
> ```
> 
> <p>
>   <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
>     <img src="valid-css3.svg" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
>   </a>
> </p>

Author: ```suggestion
```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-css3.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-css3.svg?sanitize=true" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

  </a>
</p>

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/">
This work (<span property="dct:title">Public Domain Intrinsic Web
Badge</span>, by <a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>), incorporates a derivative of
<span property="dct:title"><code>File:PD-icon.svg</code></span>, by
<a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:PD-icon.svg" rel="dct:creator">
<span property="dct:title">various authors</span></a>, identified by
<a href="https://open.inf.is/DerekNonGeneric" rel="dct:publisher"><span
property="dct:title">Derek Lewis</span></a>, is free of known copyright
restrictions. “Public Domain Intrinsic Web Badge” is likewise placed into the
Public Domain by Derek Lewis as he has dedicated all copyright interest in it
to the Public Domain.</p>

---

## Valid Web Standards

The “valid” web page & other web standard badges are used on documents that
successfully passed validation for a specific technology. The W3C validation
services image is used as a link to re-validate the document to show readers
that one has taken some care to create an interoperable Web page.

---

### Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge

> ```html
> <p>
>   <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
>     <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
>   </a>
> </p>
> ```
> 
> <p>
>   <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
>     <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
>   </a>
> </p>

Author: ```suggestion
```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
This work, “Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge”, incorporates a derivative of
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/logo/#downloads">HTML5 Logo</a> by
<a href="http://www.w3.org/">
<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr></a>, used under
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text"
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC BY</a> / Changed color,
resized, and optimized for compact size from the original.
“Valid HTML5 Intrinsic Web Badge” is licensed under <a rel="nofollow"
class="external text" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">CC
BY</a> by Derek Lewis, Certified Web Developer, and high-marking college student
of Artificial Intelligence based in-and-around the Magic City of Miami, Florida.

---

### Valid CSS3 Intrinsic Web Badge

```html
<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">
    <img src="valid-html5.svg" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
  </a>
</p>
```

<p>
  <a href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer">

>     <img src="valid-css3.svg" alt="Valid HTML5!" height="21" width="81" />

Author: ```suggestion
    <img src="valid-css3.svg" alt="Valid CSS3!" height="21" width="81" />
```
